exercises for page 05 (#4)
ASPP-pandas-tutorials/pandas_from_numpy: 0_5_filtering_data_with_pandas.Rmd

                                   y='Human Development Index',
                                   kind="scatter");
```

Interesting, it looks like actually, there may be a negative linear trend in these countries, which was not visible in the scatterplot showing all of the data.

::: {solution-end}
:::

::: {exercise-start}
:label: NaNs-army
:class: dropdown
:::

For this exercise, we want you to make the stuff of a data analyst's nightmares: the result of a filtering operation which contains only NaN values. 

Do you remember the `full_df` Dataframe, from before we filtered it down to just rows corresponding to the year 2000?. Here it is:

```{python}
# show the full Dataframe
full_df
```

This data contains many NaN values. Your task is to use Boolean filtering on this Dataframe, to return *only the NaN values*. 

The end product should look like this (and have the same dimensionality as the pictured Dataframe):

![](images/NaN_army.png)

You can do this in one line of code.

*Hint:* this is simpler to accomplish than you might think.

```{python}
# your code here
```

::: {exercise-end}
:::

::: {solution-start} NaNs-army
:class: dropdown
:::

> Remember the `.isna()` method shown above? This creates a Boolean Series containing `True` values where the Dataframe contains a NaN, and `False` values for non-NaN data. As such, you can get the "NaNs only" Dataframe shown above by running the following code:

Author: ```suggestion
Remember the `.isna()` method shown above? This creates a Boolean Series containing `True` values where the Dataframe contains a NaN, and `False` values for non-NaN data. As such, you can get the "NaNs only" Dataframe shown above by running the code in the cell below.

*Note*: you could also use the Pandas *function* `pd.isna()` here, to get the same result...
```
